Subject: Hello mooc.house, and more.
From: openHPI <no-reply@openhpi.de>
Date: 05/15/2015 03:22 PM
To: <tobias@knoeppler.net>

openHPI
Hello mooc.house, and more.

Dear learning community,

today we’d like to announce a new learning platform powered by openHPI: mooc.house.

mooc.house opens the learning experience of openHPI not only for learners but also for course providers. If you are interested in offering your courses on mooc.house please contact us at info@mooc.house for details.

The first course on mooc.house will be Design for Non-Designers starting on Tuesday, May 26, 2015. The course language is English.

Let’s hear how the teaching team promotes the course:

Did you know that design can improve the adoption of your application? You can apply a few tangible techniques to create a delightful experience for your users and incorporate good design into your software – we call it design-led development.

You don’t have to be a designer to embrace design as part of your everyday work. How? Check out our brand new online course: Design for Non-Designers: How to make user experience a part of product quality.

This five-week course offers insights from thought leaders including Scott Klemmer, Professor of Design at UCSD & Stanford, Sam Yen, Chief Design Officer at SAP, and other leading experts in the field of design-led software development. By watching their lectures, along with real examples from business applications, you will understand how you can apply design successfully within the context of software development.

Ready to start? Sign up at mooc.house and start learning on Tuesday, May 26, 2015. We look forward to seeing you in class!
More news

Want to meet us at the emoocs 2015 conference in Mons, Belgium?

We’ll be reporting about three iterations of our In-Memory Datamanagement MOOC (Session 2 - Research Track - Monday, May 18th). We will also participate in a panel discussion on “Opportunities to create new learning experiences in corporations” (Session 4 - Worldwide Track- Tuesday, May 19th).

You can also join the pre-conference MOOC.

Best regards,
the openHPI team

Please visit your profile settings page to change your notification settings.

openHPI
Mail: openhpi-info@hpi.de
Web: https://openhpi.de

Hasso Plattner Institute for Software Systems Engineering
Prof.-Dr.-Helmert-Str. 2-3, 14482 Potsdam, Germany
Potsdam District Court, HRB 12184
CEO: Prof. Dr. Christoph Meinel
